[maintainers guide] add link to Kevin's co-author generator (#4947)
withastro/docs: contributor-guides/astro-maintainers-guide-to-docs.md

### `Co-authored-by:` credit

> **NEW!** Use [Kevin's Co-author Generator](https://co-author-generator.netlify.app/) to automatically get a list of all contributors to a PR to copy and paste in the "Squash and Merge" message. To add any individual manually, follow the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NEW!** Use [Kevin's Co-author Generator](https://coauthor.kevinzunigacuellar.com/) to automatically get a list of all contributors to a PR to copy and paste in the "Squash and Merge" message. To add any individual manually, follow the instructions below.
```

Author: Do I need to test this URL to make sure it doesn't, in fact, just make @kevinzunigacuellar a co-author on every PR??  :laughing:
